docs: update kepler operator installation steps (#106)
sustainable-computing-io/kepler-doc: docs/installation/community-operator.md

- Choose `alpha` or `dev-preview` channel for deploying the `latest` or the `developer preview` version of the Operator respectively.
- Click on `Install`

**NOTE:** `dev-preview` channel will only be updated until developer-preview is finalized.

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_2_0.8.z.png)

- Wait until Operator gets installed

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_3_0.8.z.png)

Follow the link to view installed Operators in `openshift-operators` Namespace
or use the UI to navigate to installed operators and select the Kepler
Operator.

- Select `Create instance` to Create a Custom Resource for Kepler

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_4_0.8.z.png)

- There is a `Form` and `YAML` view, using the **YAML** view
  provides more detail.

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_5a_0.8.z.png)

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_5b_0.8.z.png)

- Once Kepler is configured select `Create`.

* Check that the Availability status of Kepler Instance should be `True`

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_6_0.8.z.png)

- Check that the Kepler is deployed and available

```sh

> oc get kepler kepler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc get kepler kepler -w
```

## Remove previously installed version of the Kepler Community Operator

If you have previously installed the Kepler Community Operator this will need
to be removed prior to the installation of the `v0.8.z` version of the operator.

> This is due to updates to the Kepler API that not being backward compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is due to changes to the Kepler API that are backward incompatible. 
Please also note that `v1alpha` does not promise backward compatibility and 
and backward incompatible changes are expected until the API matures to `v1beta1`.

```

```

> - To remove the exiting Kepler Community Operator use the following command,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To remove the existing Kepler Operator use the following command,
```

  update the -v flag with the operator version that is installed.

```sh

> ./hack/uninstall-operator.sh -v v0.5.0-230815081646 --delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./hack/uninstall-operator.sh -v v0.5.0 --delete
```

```

---

## Install Kepler Community Operator from Operator Hub

- Go to Operators ❯ OperatorHub. Search for `Kepler`.
  Click on Kepler Operator tile, then select `Continue` and then `Install`

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_1_0.8.z.png)

> - Choose `dev-preview` channel for deploying `dev-preview` version of Operator and click on `Install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose `alpha` or `dev-preview` channel for deploying the `latest` or the `developer preview` 
version of the Operator respectively.  
-  Click on `Install`
**NOTE:** `dev-preview` channel will only be updated until developer-preview is finalized.
```

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_2_0.8.z.png)

> - Wait till Operator gets installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wait until Operator gets installed
```

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_3_0.8.z.png)

Follow the link to view installed Operators in `openshift-operators` Namespace
or use the UI to navigate to installed operators and select the Kepler
Operator.

- Select `Create instance` to Create a Custom Resource for Kepler

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_4_0.8.z.png)

- There is a `Form` and `YAML` view, using the **YAML** view
  provides more detail.

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_5a_0.8.z.png)

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_5b_0.8.z.png)

- To specify **nodeSelector** and **toleration's** for Kepler:

```yaml
spec:
exporter:
  deployment:
    port: 9103
    nodeSelector:
      foo: bar
    tolerations:
      - key: foo
        operator: "Equal"
        value: bar
        effect: NoExecute
```

- Once Kepler is configured select `Create`.

* Check that the Availability status of Kepler Instance should be `True`

![](../fig/ocp_installation/operator_installation_ocp_6_0.8.z.png)

- Check that the Kepler Exporter pods are running inside `openshift-kepler-operator` namespace

```sh
oc get pods --namespace openshift-kepler-operator

> ```

Reviewer: Rather the user should be prompter to look at `Available` condition. 
`openshift-kepler-operator` namespace is an implementation detail and should in `Developer / Design / FAQ` docs than user guide.

Reviewer: `oc get kepler kepler -w` is the recommended way.

## Frequently Asked Questions

> ### Will Kepler work on earlier releases of OpenShift?

Reviewer: Could we also add a section on 

* how do I set nodeSelectors and tolerations ?
* Where is kepler pod deployed?
